CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! This guide will answer
some common questions about how this project works.

While this is a Pinterest open source project, we welcome contributions from
everyone. Regular outside contributors can become project maintainers.

## Code of Conduct
Please be sure to read and understand our [`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
We work hard to ensure that our projects are welcoming and inclusive to as many 
people as possible.

## Making Changes

1. Fork this repository to your own account
2. Make your changes and verify that tests pass
3. Commit your work and push to a new branch on your fork
4. Submit a pull request
5. Participate in the code review process by responding to feedback

Once there is agreement that the code is in good shape, one of the project's
maintainers will merge your contribution.

To increase the chances that your pull request will be accepted:

- Follow the coding style
- Write tests for your changes
- Write a good commit message

## Coding Style

## Testing

## License

By contributing to this project, you agree that your contributions will be
licensed under its [Apache 2 license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

First stab at issues template

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! This guide will answer
some common questions about how this project works.

While this is a Pinterest open source project, we welcome contributions from
everyone. Regular outside contributors can become project maintainers.

## Code of Conduct
Please be sure to read and understand our [`CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md`](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
We work hard to ensure that our projects are welcoming and inclusive to as many 
people as possible.

## Reporting Issues
Please take a look at our [`ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md`](ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) for guidance
on reporting issues.

## Making Changes

1. Fork this repository to your own account
2. Make your changes and verify that tests pass
3. Commit your work and push to a new branch on your fork
4. Submit a pull request
5. Participate in the code review process by responding to feedback

Once there is agreement that the code is in good shape, one of the project's
maintainers will merge your contribution.

To increase the chances that your pull request will be accepted:

- Follow the coding style
- Write tests for your changes
- Write a good commit message

## Coding Style

## Testing

## License

By contributing to this project, you agree that your contributions will be
licensed under its [Apache 2 license](LICENSE).
